hide all assets with balance 0 on simple

pagination loading cycle fix
pagination not working after 2nd call
pagination not working - not triggered at end of list
not pulling more than 44, 45, 46, transactions?

manual refresh doesn't pull latest data -test more
cleanup all other prints
race condition sometimes shows "no transactions"
race condition sometimes shows previous holding's

should make a new endpoint to know which holdings have transactions and which don't immediately

TESTING:

DONE snackbar on recieve
DONE balance not updating on receive
DONE     - subscription
DONE     - on home page trigger
DONE Send button
DONE    "unable to send" - unspents?
DONE menu settings, waiting before Magic logo to come in
DONE no transaction history - just say it on transaction history
DONE fix chips spacing
DONE hide chips
DONE balance less than 1 no send

DONE delete on send, can't change
DONE "insufficient balance" instead of "you do not have that much"
DONE view details white38
DONE fix wording white on paste popup
DONE remove border on send
DONE snackbar - fade at the same time

DONE balance
DONE transactions - refresh on subscription
DONE sending - why sometimes unable to send - signature issue again? - its vouts from multiple wallets...
DONE discovered server is giving a bad highest count or something
DONE no - our derivation was being capped by our old gap concept - removed.
DONE manually verified our balance
DONE send to self shows change as positive... on toast.
DONE transactions - state issue - not clearing
DONE transactions - issues downloading history sometimes
DONE derivation monopolizes everything
DONE fix front pane drop down menu glitch
DONE conform coinspec, remove usd, make clickable
DONE update about page
DONE update need help page
DONE Help? Chat now -> page, our twitter
DONE transactions - pagination...
DONE draggable errors if tragged on transaction view

DONE balance issue - reconnect and grab balances on app active
DONE snackbar on send - "Sent: 1,000"
DONE if USD value not known or 0 don't show icon to switch to usd
DONE fix amount send usd glitch
DONE make send amounts comma separated values
DONE implement phone security on all things sensitive (backup, and send)
DONE conform about and help page buttons
DONE add scan to homepage
DONE updating holding at all times
DONE remove security from sending
DONE test

DONE keyboard QR scanner issue

balances sometimes broken - subscription connection lost?
unable to generate transaction on ravencoin assets
transaction history ghost transaction
longhold IOS paste scan issue

security 2.0
    I think what we have to do is inspect the exposure roots to see if they're different on privkey and pubkey wallets. they're not. I need to save the roots, not the top level xpubs.
    create caching mechanism for xpubs
    cache xpubs during process of saving privkeys (triggered by import or autocreate)
    on startup load in xpubs and then continue derivation process as normal
    guard any loading of privkeys with login
    load privkeys on send screen and backup screen
    refactor as needed
    test

inactivity timeout 60s - lock
canvas color (scrim, blurred scrim)

add satori logo

all behaviors (menu and canvas stuff) should lock and unlock the maestro stuff
snackbar on connection status change
camera fade in fade out
update send quantity

transaction history - ordering issue...

balance taking time to update...

server - send - fails with dust (on send all?)

some kind of scroll issue (maybe when app is inactivated?)...

test on IOS...

pairing with chrome extension
